All right.
Welcome back my student.
So in the last lecture we make really good progress with our little forum here.
And we have it work and you know we just have them working guys.
All right.
So you can see that he's working but now he's not working 100 percent.
Let's try to fix that real quick before we go to the next lecture so we know that the area here is the
one that is creating issues so we could make this a little bit smaller so we can wrap this so tets input
into a.
And let's see if this works can make it smaller.
All right.
As Sam said It's not take effect so we could wrap the whole form in another.
Let's just give this guy right here.
This is going to take care of the issue.
All right.
There we go.
All right cool.
So now if you want to go ahead and play around with it a little more.
You can and just make it the way you want.
But I think we're done with this with this functionality OK.
All right.
So the next I think for us would be to take this to admen and see what we can do here in showing the
replies right.
Because we need to do the same thing we did with the comments.
All right we need to have a link here so that way we can see their replies.
Same thing we did with view polls here.
Actually if we go back to we can view the comments we wanted to the Send thing to the comments section
.
All right.
So let's go into that.
First of all let's go to the reply.
Let's close all of this for us.
We've got a lot of stuff open
close a little bit of this and clean this up a little bit so that we can code.
And you guys can see everything good.
All right.
Resources admin comments replies.
All right we've got an index for reply so we can see all the replies there.
And I think that we only need to see replies for specific comments.
We don't need to see all the replies.
Right.
So what we wanted to do is have a show page for replies instead.
So the show page and then do the same thing we do here with comments we do for replies.
I'm going to copy that to the show on replies.
Am I going to do a little changing here.
OK.
So
let's do
find and replace
.
So we going to replace comments
All right.
That's going to replace comments for
.
Let's do this
Let's take this out and let's do the replace.
We go.
So we're going to replace comments
for replies
.
We're going to change down there.
Let's see this one here quick
.
This only thing differently so I'm going to pass on that one.
This one is named differently and one is named differently.
This one and a change.
Now the next one is comment.
Whoops we forgot this one here.
Let's change that for replies.
And now one or two.
Let's go to a comment
.
Please
please.
1 0 1 0 1 0 1
.
That's it.
All right.
And the rest we do ourselves.
Let's stop being lazy and let's do it right.
So this one here we're just going to say comment
actually will be nice to go to the
comment
we got to leave it right now if we want to go to the we need to pull out of the column and actually
so reply comment post ID.
All right.
How we're going to do that one there.
So let's make sure that we have that come and reply.
We have that comment there
and income and we have polls.
All right cool
.
All right.
OK.
This change the controller here and this one shows a score.
This one is going to say comments comment replies.
All right.
Instead of sending the comment Id with us and replied Id
reply that he
sent in with this as a matter of fact.
He
called my replies I controller.
UPDATE A proof or no proof.
All right.
I think it's looking pretty good on the next lecture we're going to continue modifying this and see
if we can see the replies.
Thank you so much and see you in the next lecture.